What are the five sublanguages of SQL?
What are the different constraints?
What is a candidate key?
What is a composite key?
What is cascade delete?
What are some common commands/clauses and their syntax?
What are the different relationships? (Multiplicity)? How do you enforce the different relationships?
What is the difference between an Equijoin and a Nonequijoin?
What is an Entity Relational Diagram?
What is Normalization? How do we achieve Normalization?
What is Denormalization?
What are the different Database System types?
What is a subquery? What are the different types of subqueries?
What is referential integrity?
What is an orphaned record?
What is an aggregate function/scalar function?
What is the purpose of a conversion function?
What is a join?
What are the different joins available?
What are the differences between the joins?
What is a set operator? What are the different set operators available?
What is the purpose of LIKE?
What is the purpose of DISTINCT?
What is the purpose of SELECT INTO?
How would I limit the number of records in a result set?
What is the difference between WHERE and HAVING?
What is the difference between DELETE, DROP, and TRUNCATE?
What is the difference between ORDER BY and GROUP BY?
What is the difference between PERCENTILE_CONT and PERCENTILE_DISC?
What is the difference between WHERE IN/NOT IN and WHERE EXISTS/NOT EXISTS?
What is a View? What are the different types of Views?
What are some advantages to using Views?
Under what circumstances can DML be performed against a View?
What are the purpose of the options WITH READ ONLY and WITH CHECK OPTION when creating a View?
What is an Index? Why do we need Indexes?
How do Indexes work?
What is the difference between B-Tree, Function Based, and Bitmap Indexes?
What is the difference between Unique and Non-Unique Indexes?

What is a shell? What are some common shells available?
What is RHEL? 
What is a script?
What are some of the special variables available in a script?
What are environment variables?
How would I create a substring in Bash?
How would I perform string substitution in Bash?
What is command substitution?
What is a process?
What is the shebang?
In what ways can we perform mathematical expressions in a Bash script?
What loops are available in Bash?
How do we explicitly exit a loop? How do we explicitly move to the next iteration in a loop?
What are permissions? What are the different ways we can set permissions?
In what ways can we achieve I/O Redirection?
What is the purpose of a Pipe?
What is a Regular Expression?
Know common use cases for the following commands
	- cd
	- pwd
	- ls
	- mv
	- cp
	- chmod
	- chgrp
	- chown
	- grep
	- history
	- cat
	- echo
	- date
	- sudo
	- su 
	- man
	- read
	- 